discoveryApiResearchNowApiMapping.md, before:

# Discovery API - ResearchNow API mapping
## Discovery API
[Github](https://github.com/NYPL-discovery/discovery-api/blob/master/README.md#searching)
### Parameters
[GET `/v0.1/discovery/resources`](https://platformdocs.nypl.org/#/discovery/get_v0_1_discovery_resources)
* `q` string
* `page` string
* `per_page` integer
* `sort` integer
  * "relevance", "title", "creator", "date"
* `sort_direction` string
  * "asc", "desc"
  * title defaults to asc, date defaults to desc, creator defaults to asc, relevance is fixed desc
* `search_scope` string
  * "all", "title", "contributor", "subject", "series", "callnumber", "standard_number"
* `filters` string
  * "owner", "subjectLiteral", "holdingLocation", "deliveryLocation", "language", "materialType", "mediaType", "carrierType", "publisher", "contributor", "creator", "issuance", "createdYear", "dateAfte"', or "dateBefore"
  * Specify a hash of filters to apply, where keys are from terms above

## ResearchNow API
[Github](https://github.com/NYPL/sfr-ingest-pipeline/tree/development/app/sfr-search-api#searching)
### Parameters
[GET `/v0.1/research-now/v3/search-api`](https://dev-platformdocs.nypl.org/#/research-now/get_v0_1_research_now_v3_search_api)
* **`field`** (required) string
  * "keyword", "title", "author", "standard_number" (ISBN, ISSN, LCCN and OCLC) and "subject"
  * Defaults to "keyword"
* **`query`** (required) string
* `recordType`
  * Internal record type to return with the work. Either instances or editions.
* `page` integer
* `per_page` integer
* `sort`
* `language`
* `years`
  * This should be formatted as {"start": year, "end": year}.

<!-- <style>
  table ul {
    list-style: none;
  }
</style> -->

## API Parameters Comparison
This table lists, in the first column, the frontend features related to searching and search filters available from the frontend. The 2nd and 3rd column list out the Discovery API and ResearchNow API parameters that correlate to that frontend functionality.

Single quotes (') are used for frontend terminology. Italics are used to describe frontend features. Code styling (e.g. `filters`) is used for the parameters the respective APIs except.

|Discovery front end|Discovery API |ResearchNow API|
|-------------------|--------------|---------------|
|_Search field_     |`q`           |`query`        |
|_Search field dropdown_|`search_scope`|`field`|
|<ul>'All Fields'   |<ul>"all"     |<ul>"keyword"|
|<ul>'Title'            |<ul>"title"        |<ul>"title"       |
|<ul>'Author/Contributor'|<ul>"contributor" |<ul>"author"      |
|<ul>'Standard Number'|<ul>"standard_number"|<ul> "standard_number"|
|_Search page filters_|`filters`     |      |
|<ul>'Format'       |<ul>`filters[materialType]`|<ul>N/A|
|<ul>'Date':<ul><li>'Start Year'<li>'End Year'| <ul><br>`filters[dateAfter]`<br>`filters[dateBefore]` |<br><ul>`years[start]`<br>`years[end]`|
|<ul>'Language'|<ul>`filters[language]`|<ul>`language`|
|_Filters linked to from a bib page_|
|<ul>'Author'|<ul>`filters[creatorLiteral]`|<ul>`field[author]`|
|<ul>'Additional Authors'|<ul>`filters[creatorLiteral]`|<ul>`field[author]`|
|<ul>'Subject'    |<ul>`filters[subjectLiteral]`|<ul> `field[subject]`|
|_Pagination_     |`page`      | `page`        |
|                   |`per_page`|`per_page`|
|_Sorting_            |`sort`        |`sort[field]` |
|                   |`sort_direction`|`sort[direction]`  |

## API Response Structure
### Discovery API
``` json
{
  "@context": "string",
  "@type": "itemList",
  "itemListElement": [
    {
      "@type": "searchResult",
      "result": {
        "@type": [
          "string"
        ],
        "@id": "string",
        "carrierType": [
          {
            "@type": "string",
            "@id": "string",
            "prefLabel": "string"
          }
        ],
        "creatorLiteral": [
          "string"
        ],
        "contributorLiteral": [
          "string"
        ],
        "created": "string",
        "createdYear": 0,
        "dateStartYear": 0,
        "depiction": "string",
        "description": "string",
        "endYear": 0,
        "extent": [
          "string"
        ],
        "holdingCount": 0,
        "issuance": [
          {
            "@type": "string",
            "@id": "string",
            "prefLabel": "string"
          }
        ],
        "items": [
          {
            "@id": "string",
            "accessMessage": [
              {
                "@type": "string",
                "@id": "string",
                "prefLabel": "string"
              }
            ],
            "deliveryLocation": [
              {
                "@type": "string",
                "@id": "string",
                "prefLabel": "string"
              }
            ],
            "holdingLocation": [
              {
                "@type": "string",
                "@id": "string",
                "prefLabel": "string"
              }
            ],
            "idBarcode": "string",
            "identifier": [
              "string"
            ],
            "owner": [
              {
                "@type": "string",
                "@id": "string",
                "prefLabel": "string"
              }
            ],
            "requestable": [
              true
            ],
            "eddRequestable": true,
            "shelfMark": [
              "string"
            ],
            "status": [
              {
                "@type": "string",
                "@id": "string",
                "prefLabel": "string"
              }
            ],
            "uri": "string"
          }
        ],
        "^id": "string",
        "language": [
          {
            "@type": "string",
            "@id": "string",
            "prefLabel": "string"
          }
        ],
        "materialType": [
          {
            "@type": "string",
            "@id": "string",
            "prefLabel": "string"
          }
        ],
        "mediaType": [
          {
            "@type": "string",
            "@id": "string",
            "prefLabel": "string"
          }
        ],
        "note": [
          {
            "@type": "bf:Note",
            "noteType": "string",
            "label": "string"
          }
        ],
        "numAvailable": 0,
        "placeOfPublication": [
          "string"
        ],
        "prefLabel": [
          "string"
        ],
        "roles:ROLE": [
          "string"
        ],
        "startYear": 0,
        "subject": [
          {
            "@type": "string",
            "@id": "string",
            "prefLabel": "string"
          }
        ],
        "suppressed": true,
        "title": [
          "string"
        ],
        "titleDisplay": [
          "string"
        ],
        "type": [
          "nypl:Item"
        ],
        "uri": "string"
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

### ResearchNow API
``` json
{
  "status": 0,
  "timestamp": "2020-06-01T20:30:37.458Z",
  "responseType": "string",
  "data": {
    "totalWorks": 0,
    "facets": {
      "facet": [
        {
          "value": "string",
          "count": 0
        }
      ]
    },
    "paging": {
      "prev_page_sort": [
        "string"
      ],
      "next_page_sort": [
        "string"
      ]
    },
    "works": [
      {
        "date_modified": "2020-06-01T20:30:37.458Z",
        "date_created": "2020-06-01T20:30:37.458Z",
        "id": 0,
        "uuid": "string",
        "title": "string",
        "sort_title": "string",
        "sub_title": [
          "string"
        ],
        "medium": "string",
        "series": "string",
        "series_position": 0,
        "edition_count": 0,
        "edition_range": "string",
        "sort": [
          "string"
        ],
        "agents": [
          {
            "name": "string",
            "sort_name": "string",
            "viaf": "string",
            "lcnaf": "string",
            "role": "string",
            "birth_date_display": "string",
            "death_date_display": "string"
          }
        ],
        "alt_titles": [
          "string"
        ],
        "instances": [
          {
            "date_modified": "2020-06-01T20:30:37.458Z",
            "date_created": "2020-06-01T20:30:37.458Z",
            "id": 0,
            "title": "string",
            "sort_title": "string",
            "sub_title": "string",
            "pub_place": "string",
            "edition": "string",
            "edition_statement": "string",
            "volume": "string",
            "table_of_contents": "string",
            "copyright_date": "string",
            "extent": "string",
            "summary": "string",
            "work_id": 0,
            "edition_id": 0,
            "agents": [
              {
                "name": "string",
                "sort_name": "string",
                "viaf": "string",
                "lcnaf": "string",
                "role": "string",
                "birth_date_display": "string",
                "death_date_display": "string"
              }
            ],
            "items": [
              {
                "source": "string",
                "content_type": "string",
                "modified": "2020-06-01T20:30:37.458Z",
                "drm": "string",
                "links": [
                  {
                    "url": "string",
                    "media_type": "string",
                    "content": "string",
                    "thumbnail": "string",
                    "local": true,
                    "download": true,
                    "images": true,
                    "ebook": true
                  }
                ]
              }
            ],
            "languages": [
              {
                "language": "string",
                "iso_2": "string",
                "iso_3": "string"
              }
            ],
            "identifiers": [
              {
                "id_type": "string",
                "identifier": "string"
              }
            ]
          }
        ],
        "languages": [
          {
            "language": "string",
            "iso_2": "string",
            "iso_3": "string"
          }
        ],
        "editions": [
          {
            "date_modified": "2020-06-01T20:30:37.460Z",
            "date_created": "2020-06-01T20:30:37.460Z",
            "id": 0,
            "publication_place": "string",
            "publication_date": "string",
            "edition": "string",
            "edition_statement": "string",
            "volume": "string",
            "table_of_contents": "string",
            "extent": "string",
            "summary": "string",
            "work_id": 0,
            "agents": [
              {
                "name": "string",
                "sort_name": "string",
                "viaf": "string",
                "lcnaf": "string",
                "role": "string",
                "birth_date_display": "string",
                "death_date_display": "string"
              }
            ],
            "items": [
              {
                "source": "string",
                "content_type": "string",
                "modified": "2020-06-01T20:30:37.461Z",
                "drm": "string",
                "links": [
                  {
                    "url": "string",
                    "media_type": "string",
                    "content": "string",
                    "thumbnail": "string",
                    "local": true,
                    "download": true,
                    "images": true,
                    "ebook": true
                  }
                ]
              }
            ],
            "languages": [
              {
                "language": "string",
                "iso_2": "string",
                "iso_3": "string"
              }
            ]
          }
        ],
        "identifiers": [
          {
            "id_type": "string",
            "identifier": "string"
          }
        ],
        "subjects": [
          {
            "subject": "string",
            "authority": "string",
            "uri": "string"
          }
        ],
        "measurements": [
          {
            "quantity": "string",
            "value": 0,
            "weight": 0,
            "taken_at": "2020-06-01T20:30:37.461Z"
          }
        ]
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

Commit message:

fix casing and add note about `format` v. `materialType`

discoveryApiResearchNowApiMapping.md, after:

# Discovery API - ResearchNow API mapping
## Discovery API
[Github](https://github.com/NYPL-discovery/discovery-api/blob/master/README.md#searching)
### Parameters
[GET `/v0.1/discovery/resources`](https://platformdocs.nypl.org/#/discovery/get_v0_1_discovery_resources)
* `q` string
* `page` string
* `per_page` integer
* `sort` integer
  * "relevance", "title", "creator", "date"
* `sort_direction` string
  * "asc", "desc"
  * title defaults to asc, date defaults to desc, creator defaults to asc, relevance is fixed desc
* `search_scope` string
  * "all", "title", "contributor", "subject", "series", "callnumber", "standard_number"
* `filters` string
  * "owner", "subjectLiteral", "holdingLocation", "deliveryLocation", "language", "materialType", "mediaType", "carrierType", "publisher", "contributor", "creator", "issuance", "createdYear", "dateAfte"', or "dateBefore"
  * Specify a hash of filters to apply, where keys are from terms above

## ResearchNow API
[Github](https://github.com/NYPL/sfr-ingest-pipeline/tree/development/app/sfr-search-api#searching)
### Parameters
[GET `/v0.1/research-now/v3/search-api`](https://dev-platformdocs.nypl.org/#/research-now/get_v0_1_research_now_v3_search_api)
* **`field`** (required) string
  * "keyword", "title", "author", "standardNumber" (ISBN, ISSN, LCCN and OCLC) and "subject"
  * Defaults to "keyword"
* **`query`** (required) string
* `recordType`
  * Internal record type to return with the work. Either instances or editions.
* `page` integer
* `per_page` integer
* `sort`
* `language`
* `years`
  * This should be formatted as {"start": year, "end": year}.

<!-- <style>
  table ul {
    list-style: none;
  }
</style> -->

## API Parameters Comparison
This table lists, in the first column, the frontend features related to searching and search filters available from the frontend. The 2nd and 3rd column list out the Discovery API and ResearchNow API parameters that correlate to that frontend functionality.

Single quotes (') are used for frontend terminology. Italics are used to describe frontend features. Code styling (e.g. `filters`) is used for the parameters the respective APIs except.

|Discovery front end|Discovery API |ResearchNow API|
|-------------------|--------------|---------------|
|_Search field_ |`q`           |`query`        |
|_Search field dropdown_|`search_scope`|`field`|
|<ul>'All Fields'   |<ul>"all"     |<ul>"keyword"|
|<ul>'Title'       |<ul>"title"  |<ul>"title"       |
|<ul>'Author/Contributor'|<ul>"contributor" |<ul>"author"|
|<ul>'Standard Number'|<ul>"standard_number"|<ul> "standard_number"|
|_Search page filters_|`filters`     ||
|<ul>'Format'       |<ul>`filters[materialType]`|<ul>N/A*|
|<ul>'Date':<ul><li>'Start Year'<li>'End Year'| <ul><br>`filters[dateAfter]`<br>`filters[dateBefore]` |<br><ul>`years[start]`<br>`years[end]`|
|<ul>'Language'|<ul>`filters[language]`|<ul>`language`|
|_Filters linked to from a bib page_|
|<ul>'Author'|<ul>`filters[creatorLiteral]`|<ul>`field[author]`|
|<ul>'Additional Authors'|<ul>`filters[creatorLiteral]`|<ul>`field[author]`|
|<ul>'Subject'    |<ul>`filters[subjectLiteral]`|<ul> `field[subject]`|
|_Pagination_     |`page`      | `page`        |
|                   |`per_page`|`per_page`|
|_Sorting_            |`sort`        |`sort[field]` |
|                   |`sort_direction`|`sort[direction]`  |

\* ResearchNow's `format` parameter does not correspond to the `materialType` in Discovery API. The former relates to digital formats (pdf, epub, and html). The latter to physical material type.

## API Response Structure
### Discovery API
``` json
{
  "@context": "string",
  "@type": "itemList",
  "itemListElement": [
    {
      "@type": "searchResult",
      "result": {
        "@type": [
          "string"
        ],
        "@id": "string",
        "carrierType": [
          {
            "@type": "string",
            "@id": "string",
            "prefLabel": "string"
          }
        ],
        "creatorLiteral": [
          "string"
        ],
        "contributorLiteral": [
          "string"
        ],
        "created": "string",
        "createdYear": 0,
        "dateStartYear": 0,
        "depiction": "string",
        "description": "string",
        "endYear": 0,
        "extent": [
          "string"
        ],
        "holdingCount": 0,
        "issuance": [
          {
            "@type": "string",
            "@id": "string",
            "prefLabel": "string"
          }
        ],
        "items": [
          {
            "@id": "string",
            "accessMessage": [
              {
                "@type": "string",
                "@id": "string",
                "prefLabel": "string"
              }
            ],
            "deliveryLocation": [
              {
                "@type": "string",
                "@id": "string",
                "prefLabel": "string"
              }
            ],
            "holdingLocation": [
              {
                "@type": "string",
                "@id": "string",
                "prefLabel": "string"
              }
            ],
            "idBarcode": "string",
            "identifier": [
              "string"
            ],
            "owner": [
              {
                "@type": "string",
                "@id": "string",
                "prefLabel": "string"
              }
            ],
            "requestable": [
              true
            ],
            "eddRequestable": true,
            "shelfMark": [
              "string"
            ],
            "status": [
              {
                "@type": "string",
                "@id": "string",
                "prefLabel": "string"
              }
            ],
            "uri": "string"
          }
        ],
        "^id": "string",
        "language": [
          {
            "@type": "string",
            "@id": "string",
            "prefLabel": "string"
          }
        ],
        "materialType": [
          {
            "@type": "string",
            "@id": "string",
            "prefLabel": "string"
          }
        ],
        "mediaType": [
          {
            "@type": "string",
            "@id": "string",
            "prefLabel": "string"
          }
        ],
        "note": [
          {
            "@type": "bf:Note",
            "noteType": "string",
            "label": "string"
          }
        ],
        "numAvailable": 0,
        "placeOfPublication": [
          "string"
        ],
        "prefLabel": [
          "string"
        ],
        "roles:ROLE": [
          "string"
        ],
        "startYear": 0,
        "subject": [
          {
            "@type": "string",
            "@id": "string",
            "prefLabel": "string"
          }
        ],
        "suppressed": true,
        "title": [
          "string"
        ],
        "titleDisplay": [
          "string"
        ],
        "type": [
          "nypl:Item"
        ],
        "uri": "string"
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

### ResearchNow API
``` json
{
  "status": 0,
  "timestamp": "2020-06-01T20:30:37.458Z",
  "responseType": "string",
  "data": {
    "totalWorks": 0,
    "facets": {
      "facet": [
        {
          "value": "string",
          "count": 0
        }
      ]
    },
    "paging": {
      "prev_page_sort": [
        "string"
      ],
      "next_page_sort": [
        "string"
      ]
    },
    "works": [
      {
        "date_modified": "2020-06-01T20:30:37.458Z",
        "date_created": "2020-06-01T20:30:37.458Z",
        "id": 0,
        "uuid": "string",
        "title": "string",
        "sort_title": "string",
        "sub_title": [
          "string"
        ],
        "medium": "string",
        "series": "string",
        "series_position": 0,
        "edition_count": 0,
        "edition_range": "string",
        "sort": [
          "string"
        ],
        "agents": [
          {
            "name": "string",
            "sort_name": "string",
            "viaf": "string",
            "lcnaf": "string",
            "role": "string",
            "birth_date_display": "string",
            "death_date_display": "string"
          }
        ],
        "alt_titles": [
          "string"
        ],
        "instances": [
          {
            "date_modified": "2020-06-01T20:30:37.458Z",
            "date_created": "2020-06-01T20:30:37.458Z",
            "id": 0,
            "title": "string",
            "sort_title": "string",
            "sub_title": "string",
            "pub_place": "string",
            "edition": "string",
            "edition_statement": "string",
            "volume": "string",
            "table_of_contents": "string",
            "copyright_date": "string",
            "extent": "string",
            "summary": "string",
            "work_id": 0,
            "edition_id": 0,
            "agents": [
              {
                "name": "string",
                "sort_name": "string",
                "viaf": "string",
                "lcnaf": "string",
                "role": "string",
                "birth_date_display": "string",
                "death_date_display": "string"
              }
            ],
            "items": [
              {
                "source": "string",
                "content_type": "string",
                "modified": "2020-06-01T20:30:37.458Z",
                "drm": "string",
                "links": [
                  {
                    "url": "string",
                    "media_type": "string",
                    "content": "string",
                    "thumbnail": "string",
                    "local": true,
                    "download": true,
                    "images": true,
                    "ebook": true
                  }
                ]
              }
            ],
            "languages": [
              {
                "language": "string",
                "iso_2": "string",
                "iso_3": "string"
              }
            ],
            "identifiers": [
              {
                "id_type": "string",
                "identifier": "string"
              }
            ]
          }
        ],
        "languages": [
          {
            "language": "string",
            "iso_2": "string",
            "iso_3": "string"
          }
        ],
        "editions": [
          {
            "date_modified": "2020-06-01T20:30:37.460Z",
            "date_created": "2020-06-01T20:30:37.460Z",
            "id": 0,
            "publication_place": "string",
            "publication_date": "string",
            "edition": "string",
            "edition_statement": "string",
            "volume": "string",
            "table_of_contents": "string",
            "extent": "string",
            "summary": "string",
            "work_id": 0,
            "agents": [
              {
                "name": "string",
                "sort_name": "string",
                "viaf": "string",
                "lcnaf": "string",
                "role": "string",
                "birth_date_display": "string",
                "death_date_display": "string"
              }
            ],
            "items": [
              {
                "source": "string",
                "content_type": "string",
                "modified": "2020-06-01T20:30:37.461Z",
                "drm": "string",
                "links": [
                  {
                    "url": "string",
                    "media_type": "string",
                    "content": "string",
                    "thumbnail": "string",
                    "local": true,
                    "download": true,
                    "images": true,
                    "ebook": true
                  }
                ]
              }
            ],
            "languages": [
              {
                "language": "string",
                "iso_2": "string",
                "iso_3": "string"
              }
            ]
          }
        ],
        "identifiers": [
          {
            "id_type": "string",
            "identifier": "string"
          }
        ],
        "subjects": [
          {
            "subject": "string",
            "authority": "string",
            "uri": "string"
          }
        ],
        "measurements": [
          {
            "quantity": "string",
            "value": 0,
            "weight": 0,
            "taken_at": "2020-06-01T20:30:37.461Z"
          }
        ]
      }
    ]
  }
}
```
